- [Instructor] So, now that we've got Eureka service set up,
it's time to go register a service with Eureka.
Let's jump into our guest-services application,
and we're going to start with our pom file once again.
Now, we've already got all of the spring cloud
dependency structure built into this pom,
so we just need to bring in the dependency
for Eureka itself.
So, we will add a dependency
and that dependency is going to be on
spring-cloud-starter-netflix-eureka-client,
and that comes from org.springframework.cloud.
We'll allow the dependency management
to do its thing.
Now, we're going to go to our source main Java,
and we're going to open up our application class,
and we are going to do @EnableDiscoveryClient.
And again, the client acts as both
the registration agent and the agent
that scours for those dependencies that we need.
That's all we need to do.
Because we selected all of the default values
for where Eureka is going to run,
by default it will go to local host 8761
to find its configuration.
So, let's restart our GuestServicesApplication.
So now, let's jump back into our web browser
and we'll refresh our Eureka instance.
Now, first thing you may notice
is this big emergency warning.
I'm glad we got this now.
This is telling you that Eureka
is only running in a single node environment.
Again, single noded is bad when it comes
to a single point of failure.
So, while in a production system,
that's a big deal.
For right now, we can just ignore it.
But if we scroll down here to our instances
that are registered, you'll see we now
have a guest services up and running.
Let's go ahead and do the same
for our other two web services.
Easiest way that I found to do this
is to just copy this dependency section,
and then we will do this one at a time.
So, add in the dependency.
Open up the application.
EnableDiscoveryClient,
and restart the application.
And while it's restarting, we can go ahead
and do the room-services.
Again, paste our dependency,
go to the application class,
and EnableDiscoveryClient,
and we should now be ready to restart
this application.
So, now that our applications have been modified
and they've restarted, let's jump back to Eureka
and we'll refresh this once again.
And now, you'll see that we have three
of our services up and running,
they've all registered in Eureka.
Eureka, again, is still running in single node,
that's fine.
But everything is up and running,
they've all got different ports
and everything is ready to go.
This is really critical before our next step
when we're going to start consuming these services.